Add flashloans docs (#451)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/reference/contracts/periphery/flash-loans.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
id: flashloans
---

# Flash loans

> Flash loans are handled through contracts implementing the following two interfaces: `IBorrower` and `IFlashLoanRouter`.

Reviewer: This page might be a good spot to explain how lending protocols could make themselves compatible with CoW protocol's flashloan support.
I think a small section telling them which contract they need to implement with a link to the reference implementations might be enough.

Reviewer 2: I think the integrators may also be a good spot for this (as you might be a flash loan provider that wants to integrate themselves)

Author: To be reworked in an upcoming PR.

Author: Addressed here: https://github.com/cowprotocol/docs/pull/466

| `loans`       | The list of flash loans to be requested before the settlement is executed. The loans will be requested in the specified order |
| `settlement`  | The ABI-encoded bytes for a call to `settle()` (as in `abi.encodeCall`)                                                       |

#### `borrowerCallBack`

Once a borrower has received the proceeds of a flash loan, it calls back the router through this function.

```solidity
borrowerCallBack(bytes calldata encodedLoansWithSettlement) external;
```

| **Parameter**                | **Description**                                                             |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `encodedLoansWithSettlement` | The data the borrower received when it was called, without any modification |

#### `settlementContract`

The settlement contract supported by this router. This is the contract that will be called when the settlement is executed.

```solidity
settlementContract() external returns (ICowSettlement);
```

#### `settlementAuthentication`

> The settlement authenticator contract for CoW Protocol. This contract determines who the solvers for CoW Protocol are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The settlement authenticator contract for CoW Protocol. This contract determines whether CoW protocol considers an address an eligible solver.
```
